add pre-commit hooks (#24)
kmzzhang/nbi: contributing.MD

git remote add upstream https://github.com/kmzzhang/nbi.git
```

You'll need to add `pre-commit` hooks by:

```bash
pre-commit install
```

This will only need to be done once. After that, all your commits will be checked for code formatting issues.

Make a local branch like:

```bash

> git checkout -b your_local_branch_with_changes_name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git switch -c your_local_branch_with_changes_name
```
